p p p p p p P
[Music]
p p p p
p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p p
p [
Applause] [
Music] [
Music]
P Bom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom p p p p p p p p p p p
pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam p Pam Yoshi Pam p Pam p p p p [
Music]
p p p p Pam Pam p p p p Pam p p Pam Pam p Pam p p Pam p p Pam p Pam p Pam pom p pom pom pom pom pom pom pom p p p p  pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam
pam pam pam pam pam pam
yosi
un
[Music]
[Applause]
sple Oh [Music
]
yahi [Music
haing
[Music]
[Music] y y
H Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
Good afternoon family How are you? Well
I'm stopping by here now because I'm leaving at 8,
so we're going to be here for an hour,
eh, we're going to be here for an
hour
and Lorena has to train today
at 8 and so of course
I hadn't thought of that and I was here calmly,
well calmly, I wasn't, we've been
working on the video, the
main channel, which by the way, the
last one you're scaring the
gentlemen, talking, I don't have much of a voice, okay,
so I'm going to speak quietly
here without hurting myself, okay, I'm going to speak quietly
quietly  or I haven't recorded the
news today I haven't recorded the news
because it's Ortega I'm going to give the
moderator to Ortega so he can control the
PR that I haven't done today no or because
my throat hurts Okay and I have a lot of
snot my throat hurts and I have a
lot of snot and yesterday I had to leave the
kids' live because I already
ran out of Bo So what I'm going to
do today I haven't recorded anything because I
had to record the video for the
main Channel in case I run out of
you Okay then I just recorded
the video for the main Channel and
Lorena told me I'm leaving in an hour and
then I said damn I'm going to sit
down and watch
a few things so nothing star my
throat has gotten sick
like almost every month Hey yes it's
true that I'm going to have to have surgery on my
chin too
eh how lazy eh all the time
having surgery on things eh And Michael
Jackson appears but it's that I get sick
every month a month and a half
eh the peace video Go ahead  It's really doing great, it
has 300,000 views, and today there's another one.
Today there's another one, and tomorrow there's
another one. All your grandmothers are coming to
recommend a remedy. Well, look, I have
a few candy pills there, a
few lozenges, no, not for my throat,
and really what I have to do is
force my voice as little as possible. Okay, so do
n't make me scream, okay. Let's not
get nervous and wait and wait,
okay. I'm going to be here for a while, then
at 8 when Lorena leaves, well, there I go. Okay,
no, then at 10 I have my, my
powerful gym. No, I already bought
the creatine, okay. Ortega. I'm going to catch you and I'm
going to be able to hold you because of how
strong I'm going to get. I
also put my head on a little while ago, yes, I've already
taken some honey and lemon. I also
put my head on a little while ago, also
in a pot of viva poru. There we are. No, there
we are doing
stupid things, there's stupid things. But well,
at night. It depends on how I'm going, well, we'll be
going the strike. Well, look, the
strike, we're going to talk about the strike, okay,
because I have some here.  how many
clicks have you sent me I don't know if
Elena or Pily is here well Elena
not Pily more like Pily or
Mimi people who handle Twitter lida a
kiss Thank you so much for sending me
things there that you have posted that I have
not seen because you sent me
this clip I am going to put it on TR space
we are the resistance and you have also
sent me some opinions that
people are giving there are no people who
are supporting me and there are people who are not Elena
but you Twitter you don't know daughter Look
there is Pili
Pili Pili well you know what happens you know
what happens the other day I met up with
Enrique and the mean girl was there and
then I got sick I think
this is brutal It's that this is brutal I mean I have
less
defense I have less defense than what
soccer team you have that I don't understand that
no no it's that I get sick with
anyone who gets close to me eh I get
completely sick let's see Pili Pili or Mimi Or
yes yes Pili or Mimi Pili Mili Pili Mili
eh send me things  Okay if you want me to
watch them here I'm going to watch this piece
that Pili sent me
well first to say that what you
've been saying I couldn't
agree more with you guys let's see the
normal thing is that people in this have no choice
but to agree with me and support it
no matter what This is an anime It's that
whoever is against it is because they
are a clown who has no criteria and they don't
have it and only I mean it is not based on
these are the rules This is the reason
otherwise whoever does not support me in this
is because their life is based on favor
of Javi Oliveira or against Javi
Oliveira if it happens to someone from
Javi's environment I am in favor if it happens
to someone from another environment I am
against it it's that there is no more it's that there is no
more I mean the rules are what they are
and the channels work as they
work and there is no more it's that they all agree with you well
I think that some of
those who have put me here this one about the
Indian and this I think they don't agree with me eh
some eh I think there are some who don't agree with
me
eh well first to  say that what you've been
saying I couldn't
agree more with you and add that it
is lawful to
react to other colleagues' videos
just as we react to
television programs I already said it at the
beginning and Lola has repeated it
for me it seemed that Antonio
David acted clumsily with with
putting the extra to Javi Because now
people have been against him that in
his issue eh I was supporting him this
weekend with with with with the sentence that
has come out I have my doubts that a person who does
that is a good person eh I mean I have my doubts
eh I have already appealed okay I had for now my
appeal has been accepted and
now they have to wait I don't know what I don't
know how long it works no
So the thing is that there is no more It's that this is
how it is the rules are what they have been on
YouTube for many years
videos can be reacted to now you
can react if you are contributing
content to the video okay I mean if I
stand here in the corner and put a
video there and I sit here and eat  that is not
fair use or I watch the whole video I
am silent almost the entire video that is not
but if you go commenting adding
data adding your opinion Mara Patio
and another thing that I wanted to add to this
because you can no longer add more of
what you have said is that when
Javi reacted to Antonio
David's videos and spoke in his favor it seemed
great to him no no but if it is that yesterday he
said clearly yesterday he said that he was going to
report the videos that he did not
find
good content that he did not find
appropriate You know now Antonio Avi is the
judge of YouTube the judge of YouTube he
says that the content that is
appropriate is his decision
but now eh there is some criticism well it
seems that it does not feel so good and
and then well everyone turns
against them not everyone all the people that that
Antonio David It seems that they cannot be
touched not even
the air how bad it has been eh
tomorrow It is true that we are surely
going to receive more criticism than we have
been receiving this week
for sure because it seems that
an authentic space of de marea is going to open  I do
n't know what we've been doing
here all this time the tide is
ours now as a family I see that the
tide is ours eh no matter how they
put it they have the
Antonio David fan club for that ok without
criteria without without questioning anything without
reasoning any they are like Bots okay
but we have the tide the
tide is already with us and what we
continue doing No because at the
end of the day we have not stopped defending
Antonio David in everything that has been his
history and when Antonio David bought
YouTube that I did not find out Brenda is
paying it little by little and I'm not going to
say anything else tomorrow well whatever
God wants to me I don't give a damn the
piron the truth I know what I defend and
what I have defended and I
know as many people say is that I am on
the right side Well I am also
on the right side but it is not
about a correct side let's see the
correct side when you say that you are
on a correct side it is when imagine there
is a conflict that lasts over
time and you position yourself on one of the
two sides and time gives you the
right or it takes it away from you okay but whether you
are on one side or the other or whether you
like one youtuber and not another doesn't
mean that the one you
like always does everything right or everything wrong or in other words
am I on the right side So what does this
mean that
where I've been for so long and it's
here in patri space TR years that we've
been here and way where there are so many people you ca
n't be so independent it's that you're
not only turning against Javier it's
you're turning all his people
against me he turned against all the
youtubers yesterday or rather all the
youtubers but not his honor but
any youtuber who has listened and
seen my tweet will have said this
guy you know I mean he's turned the entire
YouTube community against him
breaking the rules and as Majo said
before at a time when everyone
even Javi Javi all the people that
everyone was watching that the
de Patio sentence was very unfair
so what was the need
after that You hear Javi and Javi says
come on jav calm down a
chambi that's not  you have that you're not going
anywhere No no it's that I'm repeating it again
in case you haven't noticed that for the
moment I have appealed it but if you
want we'll be judged wherever you
want fight over a video Oh it's a
bit absurd fighting over a video in
court it costs a lot of money and it costs a lot of
time and a lot of headaches
but luckily things are going
very well for me I'm calm I have all the
time in the world to dedicate to it whatever I
want I can afford it So if you
want us to go to court for a
video we will go to court for
the video you understand that the one who is
complying with the law is me and with the
terms okay The thing is that to
create a channel you have to read the
terms of what you are creating okay
this is like someone who signs a contract
without looking at it okay I have not violated any
law eh he has
done he has taken this tool in an
illicit manner There's Pablo Ah no eh The
player for that video we're not going I'm not improving
see Pablo you shut up and don't contradict me or
what guy did you let me talk
I'm here saying let's go to the
games and you come and tell me you don't feel like it
[ __ ] but let's see I don't feel like it
either I think I have what
I would like is for them not to give me a
strike for video eh that they don't break
any rules you know That's what I
would like But well if in note he insists
on not giving me the reason okay I have it
then we will have no other I mean the
next step there is a step in which
YouTube tells you this I already discussed it
in court I'm going to me I don't
care he can't do that he's not going to go
anywhere I'm super calm but
no I mean I'm not worried about Javi's bread
Because if he's calm I
'm calm too me Plin I
want to tell you that if I haven't broken
any law let's see we're calm
because it's a strike whether you want it or not he didn't
have any more I don't know what but the
filth is the same whether it's one or three do
you understand what happens yes it's true that
if he gets it just in case he gets it right
imagine and  I would have closed the
channel with that move, man, he
would have been in for a real rough time,
the whole of God would have turned on him, the whole internet would have already gotten into
quite a mess the other day
with what he did with rowing And I don't
follow the rules And it's not
just the terms of YouTube
that exist, okay, it's
not just the terms of YouTube
that of course have to be respected, I
mean, you don't just come and set your own
terms, okay, they're the terms of
YouTube and some rules of coexistence on
the internet if you don't know
how to coexist with people on the internet, well, dude, go back to the TV and get up there yelling at the Tele5 panelists and all that stuff that you know, but here we have some rules of coexistence, okay, here we have, uh, a guy who makes a video and curses your [ __ ] mother, I
'm giving an example, okay, I'm
making it up, but I have a ton
of channels that tn girls that if your [ __ ]
mother that if I don't know what that if you're very
ugly that if the posh girl that if the hair that
if I don't know what And you don't give him a strike
because you don't like that  there are the
courts if you consider that you have
arguments for all court But you
can not throw away a video freedom of
expression is not decided by you freedom
of expression is decided by justice
and there is no reason for that strike
eh if he does not worry I am not going to
worry or so
worrying about bread that is a little a
little dramatic well what I am getting at is good it is not
dramatic it is not that dramatic Let's
see it is not that dramatic because it is me who has
already had my ass bald
here you understand But he does this to
a youtuber who is just starting [ __ ]
how many people have I helped with the issue
of the strikes piece just a kiss Thank you
very much thank you
you imagine he does not know if
the channel for me Imagine that I have two est
because two things have jumped on me on
television and I am
solving it you understand you cannot
have that evil with the
intention that the season is opened to go and
do harm and try to crush with or
without
reason after those who are
comparing what happened with the video to
the reactions of a video The difference
is  very clear I think it is not clear
to many people but the difference
is very clear that when you react to
a video it is known that that video is from a
fan of such and such with a first name with a last name
with a channel name Look, if they
had given him a strike with the Rem
remember thing he has no
defense he has no defense If they had given him
the strike he has no
defense but mine does have a defense and
the one who has no defense the one who
put it to him that they are different cases he took
a video from a friend uploaded it to his
channel because he liked the video rare boy
at least or Put the link on your
channel and recommend the video so
people can see it but don't upload it to your
channel to monetize it you guy work you and you
are even giving it
publicity what Antonio David did with
the video that he made a mistake that he uploaded by
mistake according to him that I think they have
swallowed it because of those who want to swallow it
because that is Ofelia honey Thank you very much
someone really believed it
but I mean we are not in kindergarten no I
mean nobody has believed that he
uploaded the video by accident no people
yours have believed it your people your
moderators And you have
believed that you take and download a
video you remove the part you don't like you
put a filter on it you put a thumbnail
and a title and it is published accidentally in
extreno while the [ __ ] shares it
on
Twitter that the p shared it on Twitter
the premiere or so that Really
has believed that someone because they have
believed someone I understand that
people vote Pedro sanch joke joke Well not so
much but well It's a joke come on that's
unbearable what you do is take a
video that you like customize it so that it doesn't c
come on God eh remove the
watermark and put yours on top come on
God upload it to your channel as
yours without naming seen what we have seen the
response that this one gave yesterday, this one, the video,
the strike was not put in accidentally or
anything these people have said in their meeting
okay they have taken they said Javi that he
was criticizing me because I uploaded a
video of another person and they are going to give me a strike
Well I'm going to give him a strike and that
's the mentality  queene they
don't have
more than the person who is the
owner of that video put
a cover put a title and
you upload it by mistake according to you okay by mistake that
is reason for a strike Yes but
reacting to a video no That is the
difference that recently I don't know if it was
last week Peppa took another space and
was relating to the things we
were saying in the space came out crumb
I came out Martita Well they gave us
green but what that lady does is
take something that is public and
react it is known that it is the patria
space that we are speakers of space
space and and not even all the
reactions are valid eh Because I have
seen I have seen reactions from people
who post my videos
my live videos and stay quiet in a corner and
are letting the video be seen you know
but it's that neither like I put
a stranger to anyone dude nor like
I put a video to
anyone injustices are for
everyone and if someone is a defender of
injustices in general they have to
defend them all Antonio dav they have
done him an injustice and  he has been
defended but if another self is made out of
consistency too, I mean there are many
injustices of
course we have seen it as an
injustice but maybe the people
of T afrito with their behavior
too Well if we are seeing here on
YouTube how I have arrived in life
not only from Antonio David and when I see
an injustice I will defend it no matter
who it comes from so what
seems to me is a lack of coherence
empathy and everything Of course of course
just that and that's it and I won't say more
because with this I think there is enough And
until tomorrow a kiss to all a
kiss Oh Javi what a meme my grandmother says
that 40 years ago Lola
Flores cursed Pantoja that's why
the cachuli died today no eh la Well
trust you what my grandmother said my
grandmother Josefita who was the most
important woman in my life and she would take it And she said
when I was going there to come home she would say to me
and well it's in the video I tell it in the
video It's that I have it pinned on Twitter I
tell it but it's true that she
told me she said to me you have to see you have to see
Javi Cab see that  someone was dying okay
Cab see someone was dying on TV you have to see you have to
see Javi you have to see
people are dying who have
never died eh I don't know what's
going on what Pili is
this or tell it yourself what happened when Javi
came to this space and gave a
lot of
people a hard time I don't know what you mean d
you what did you do when that happened well I got
angry with and time how long
were you without speaking well like six
months Okay so everything has been said pretty
pretty It's that for real it's
for real and I'm going to answer alet de
fa Okay and I'm going to read it that's what I
answered him Because first he
's in the space and second he has
addressed me personally now now no longer
for any specific reason Look he says a
question patri they have just reported
Ho's live broadcast once again Antonio David
also you give him your support oh oh
really really Antonio's followers
are Bot literally they are
Bot okay they put a they just put
a message to him He says well eh Patrick they have just
reported another live broadcast to Antonio
David also also You are going to  dedicate
a space to it Yes man of course right now
we are going to make a space for all the
youtubers and all the twitterers and we are going to
put free Antonio David free dude it is
completely a lie that they put your live
streams in Yellow because because
they
report them or literally I
surely have a lot of people who start
clicking the report button on my
videos on all the channels it
is completely false that if someone
could take away your monetization they would
take it away I do not know where they got that from if
the youtubers who
said that to ask for donations have been heard But
that is a lie that is a lie if they
put your live streams in
Yellow because YouTube has you marked
and you have to cure yourself that they look at it and
also It looks for any
YouTube that sees me Okay and I shouldn't even
give a clue because they don't even deserve that
okay But look
so you can see that it's a lie okay look look you see
this that I have in red
okay you see this that I have in red well
this when you have it in red it
means that YouTube doesn't trust you very much
okay this is telesalseo what is
happening well that  if I have any inappropriate content here,
any of my collaborators
say inappropriate things or something like
that, they're going to mark them yellow and
then I'll send them to reviewers for review and they
mark them green or they mark them yellow,
there are some who mark them green, there are
others who mark them yellow and others who
mark them red, okay,
and normally I have that in green, to be
honest, I don't usually have a
problem, okay, with that, normally when they
put it in green, you can go out
naked, they put it in green, you
know, but Antonio David
has it red, if all the live shows are
in yellow, that's red, and
then if he has a lady next to him who
starts saying the other one's oldest profession, the
other one is a pig and I don't
know what, I don't know how much of a [ __ ] she is, yeah,
normal, and Roco Jurado has [ __ ] I don't
know who, yeah, normal, that you put it
in yellow, but that's not the fault of
nobody reporting the video, I mean, that's that, that
's an invention, that doesn't exist, it doesn't exist, it does
n't exist, what you guys are doing right now,
let's send you all. Look, everyone
who's here  how many are there 1000
people the 1 people hit the
report me button The live is not going to
turn yellow on me it is not going to turn
yellow on me no matter how much I tired you hit the
like also you know it's a lie it doesn't exist it doesn't
work like that of course if you don't read the
terms of YouTube you don't
know with the bread of no s they don't put it
in Yellow for dropping curses it depends
tarantula if you see someone [ __ ] Well
they are not going to put it in Yellow Ah if you say that the oldest profession no I don't know that type of thing well I understand that yes simple curiosity Okay well at least they put it in Yellow and then you send it for review if I had suspicion you know they put it in Yellow but then you send it for
review and normally they put it in
green you understand But if there is the slightest
suspicion the algorithm will put it in
yellow but the algorithm doesn't that
people report that it is lies that it does
not exist that some youtubers invented it
to ask money from their
followers Well look from the calm eh I
think what we have all said
tonight  what we've talked about is that you don't
play with anyone's bread That includes
Antonio David with which to your last
question we are already answering we are already
answering with
no one's bread neither with Antonio David's nor with
Javi's nor with Caris's nor with
Juanjus's that another one that I fall like a
leg in the ass with no one's you play with
okay like Patrick said if you don't
like it you don't watch it people report the
live shows Of course of course they report them
just like we report the tweets that we don't
like we report them No, well there are
people who just to piss Antonio David off
report his live shows I repeat
faus Go listen to Antonio David's live show
where he explains what he does
with his videos and with his live shows And why do
dav er exist take advantage of it
coneo
[Music]
Yundo editor has to make the
current version and an editor too maybe I didn't see
a euro
[Music] I
don't think so
Antonio David cut it because rhyme said he
put I don't know what from al lequin I think it
was this and Antonio David cut this
to upload it to  your channel accidentally accidentally
by
mistake I have to tell him to rhyme man I did
n't tell him anything I have to tell him
that Antonia I got a strike for
[Music]
mistake Antonio David Be careful that
Dioni has you figured out
you have to work harder help the
ladies It has to be done Antonio
[Music]
dav a
campe aove and
[Music]
AC how embarrassing about the Civil Guard
eh how embarrassing about the Civil Guard
you Well Ah well you had put me Oh you
had put me here another tweet
or say it you I haven't closed it
wait you had put me another tweet or
was it this one not the tweet from the Indian
No of
course the Pink T wasn't it accidentally closed
right Well now I'm looking for it or rather because there was
this this t from the Indian the person
who says that she can't allow the
man who appears in the image on the
left to make fun of the blue tide is a
friend and defender of the one of the
lady who appears in the image on the
right let everyone interpret Oh but
what do people keep talking about me
man But why do they keep talking about  me
all the youtubers that I don't talk about
None of the ones here or the But it's that
I don't Why do they keep talking this
youtuber making fun of the whole
blue tide The objective is clear right the
tide is not and will not be yours the tide is
mine the tide is mine for 50,000 pesetas they
kicked him out of the civil guide what a
total shame eh Let's see
totally this is not But why do they talk about
me is that I don't understand more youtubers have talked about
me about me I talk about
these youtubers guys And they know everything
that happens to me they are up to date with everything that
happens to me they are up to date with all my
live streams
Oh sure and to this and then to this lady
who is on all day saying that Antonio
oh well you can stop the screen read it he
defends this one of
course Oh
really he says because when you've
been in hell not just any
demon comes and burns you not even with that the
ghosts that surround him have
arrived here and this little bit of song
is for you Antonia vi Paqui is very
in love eh or so the thing about piqui I don't  I
understand eh I'm
back about Packy I don't understand
piqui he takes it as his own eh the issues
Hey no demon comes and burns you
nobody wants to burn Antonio David
who is going to want to burn him I mean look
This is worth it look at this this was said yesterday
Johnny dep Johnny dep okay to hate
someone This goes out to all the haters
okay to hate someone requires that you
care enough to even
hate them it's another burden that we don't need
Get up and move on completely I
mean hating someone is not indifference
Paqui nobody wants to burn him he's not
indifferent when he's a starter he's a starter
like he was this weekend because he's
lost his mind and when he's not no I
mean we talk about Antonio
avid here when there's nothing going on no we
echo That I say this to Marta
Riesco that I say this to the other but
a Hate that I don't care about the truth is it's not
that important almudena
welcome gorgeous we love you Mia m
Javi oliveira Don't get carried away
kid you can't have it all the
blue tide one strike make it clear leave
something for the others  ring wake up the
blue tide is Antonio David
forever blue is mine now and I put everything
all telesalseo blue if we do it I put
everything telesalseo blue eh Anton Villa does not
have the Pink Tide I'm
so sorry about Antonia V it's not the
tide they are already followers of Antonio vi and
ads Bot they are like Bot blind they do not carburet they do not
reason they do not look at anything they were
telling me today that it is that I do not have
visitors if I do not speak Antonio for God I
just
had what a [ __ ] and n they live in a
world that's why they want them the blue tide
does not belong to anyone Anton took over the
youtuber who had a Kiko all that
is
pathetic I missed a lot of chapters
of this soap opera this one was not
very close to Antonio David and he gave him the
first interview with another one who
was always giving pity they do not get
together anymore [ __ ] Do not be bitter Javi jokes
for
God he does not believe that He does not even have
followers of the blue tide as it
can not be otherwise but from there to
say that his tide has to dream
a lot and yearn  the impossible my
followers fantasy Fantasy Island my
followers from my entire community are
bigger than the blue tide they are more
people it's that there are people who DO NOT ASSUME the
reality of the years that I have been here
on YouTube and that I have three
channels three channels not four four
that work well all four work
very well
okay the blue tide what you
call the blue tide okay I understand that it
is Antonio David's fans they are not
many people it makes a lot of noise and I am a huge
fan of Antonio David but they are not that many
people because if not Antonio David would not
have 130,000 subscribers he would have a
million and he doesn't
have them Look I have a community on my
main channel another community in la
salsera another community in telesalseo
de la piruleta it is the same as
telesalseo then I have another community on
Facebook another community on Twitter and I
am sure that the people who follow me
on Twitter who are
1200,000 or so I am sure that they
are not the same as those on YouTube they are
other people and those from telesalseo are not the
same as la salsera they may
coincide obviously some do not but
but it does not make sense  I really lived in
a different reality
they put something in his
hot chocolate before the tide not
even
Tato knew him Well yes Tato does like
video games they have their life they think he
is Antonio
Avi is unbearable Javi Oliveira the
idiot this one
what he is is
dizzy let's not allow This guy The
condemned talk like that about us the
blue tide every day I understand this
man less Wait don't you see it not with me in
front he says Rosa every day I understand
this man less he doesn't eat or let
eat he always has to be in all
the mess because he is him because I am the one
who commands the gossip of course I am
always in all the mess And you
guys realize one thing I stop
talking about all the youtubers since they are
left behind in My past and everyone keeps
talking about me everyone about me about the environment
of what I move about the interview that I
do with this one about
everything
everything everything moves around what is here it
is what there is but it is what there is
assume it Of course he lives off
like all the youtubers but it must be
that he is more Yes  Almost a little yes
because he's been on the
platform longer it really gets tiresome
by the way
By the way I stopped following him Let's see
let's check that he's
wrong
Rosa he's wrong Rosa he's
wrong he confused you with someone
else please don't pay attention to this miserable person and the
other one or comment anything
but who is the other one I mean me who am I with
if I don't know anything about any of the
heartfelt youtubers I don't know anything about any of them I don't even
know who uploads videos yet or who does
n't those who come here to collaborate now
at Corrillo those are the ones who are the
ones I
know is Searching for notoriety he's always
commenting on one another to be in
the spotlight what can you expect from a
condemned man who has no more brains The
ego or his hair doesn't let him see
beyond this guy a deified cheek you have to
have
grapefruit to tell me that you have to have
guts now we'll see about
Felix I want to see this I want to see this about
Julin
Muoz tomorrow on
Wednesday on Wednesday I hadn't
realized this I thought they were going to
wait for Friday tomorrow on
Wednesday the interview  posthumous to Julin
Muoz the former mayor left a
recorded interview with Santi Acosta to be
broadcast after his
death [ __ ] This is this is
powerful Eh This is powerful because
[ __ ] this I would do it eh When I know that I
'm sick touch wood in
50 years
Approximately 50 and something 50 and something Eh
when I'm done sorta everything pum I
let it all out There I let it all out and when they
come to complain to me, this t that
made me laugh says p kirri in Carna
Snchez Julin Muoz in the end the
squid game passes people are [ __ ]
Eh Kiko Rivera well he said something
like he doesn't hold a grudge Okay my
mother had gone to live in Marbella
because she had fallen in love with a
man and then I want to put this video
by Elena who has made a
compilation more or less of Julin's life Let's
see wait they are telling me to
put heo Lili if you are listening to me
this would go in the thing about
Antonio David's followers I think I get the
impression  formal in the criminal context and
with the focus on
certain words in socialite the judge does not
consider that
any crime of libel or
slander can be attributed to him but the same judge admits in
her final writing that Patio And so kipo
acted wrongly they invented a news story and they
were very lax professionals that's what there is we are
not going to stop telling
the truth because one is interested in
hiding the reality and others
think that reading other people's sentences is
being a bad platform partner Oh
Really how lazy the lady is eh yes
Well it seems to you that reading
other people's sentences it seems to you that reading
other people's sentences is being a bad partner It depends
depends on who the
sentence is it depends on who the
sentence is if we don't have to put 8
months to read the same [ __ ] sentence
even if it is we are going to read the
barcode of the sentence we read it 8 months
okay But how lazy I mean when do
I get a sentence from someone
and I am not going to give the exclusive I am not going
to talk about this it doesn't make
any sense eh here they have started to  scold him when
seeing also for reading the sentence
because it wasn't his that we had to wait for
Antonio David to read it first and me
really but what do you think Antonio
David is the school teacher or the
YouTube teacher or the leader or something true
really eh how lazy they are we do
journalism if they want
advertising and public relations videos they have the
wrong door and we do
journalism attention showing our faces every
day not hiding behind an avatar or a
fake name in a fake Nick to
insult or commit hate crimes we are
Beavers not rats we are Beavers not
rats By the way rats usually run away
when you get close we have been TR for
three years showing our faces every day sometimes
twice a day so as the saying
goes a little bit of moal and each sheep to
its Corral Oh and if it's not asking too much of
the Beavers we don't like that we Oh she
cut it off there well let's see it from
[Music]
Elena hosa piece of editing Elena
piece of editing aunt you just
reminded me of the WhatsApp groups of
my grandmother's of my grandmother who send gifs
as well as Tweety  with lots of glitter
Good
morning good night and tea and I'll tell you these
videos with the mov
Maker the former mayor of Marbella Julin
Muoz passed away this morning at the
age of 76 in the hospital where he was
admitted For more than a week
due to a worsening of his health
due to the lung cancer he suffered from he was
admitted to the Marbella hospital on
Sunday 15 September as an emergency
after suffering a worsening and had
remained sedated since
last Monday afternoon When the whole family already
traveled to the hospital
to be with him as
these women Maite Aldivar and his daughter Elia have done
the former politician was admitted two days
after taking stock of his life on
Friday and shouting from the rooftops
his love for Maite Zaldivar and confessing
among other things the fear he had of
dying in what was the last
interview of his life he was known for
his controversial management as mayor of
Marvella and for having been the
sentimental partner of the singer Isabel
Pantoja he became the first
mayor with the most  open legal proceedings
throughout the country, exceeding one
hundred cases, all of them
related to the
urban planning irregularities that were investigated in the
Malaysian operation and that marked a
particularly Golden Age for some
in Jess Gil
Gil's Marbella, so much so that in 2016 the judge even decreed
the consolidation of all his
sentences into a single case and imposed
the maximum sentence legally allowed
in Spain, 20 years, which would have been
served in
2026. Although he only spent a few
years in prison, having first obtained the third degree
and
then parole due to his health problems, I have to
cut it, man, Lorena is talking to me, I have to cut it, I have to
get rid of it,
[ __ ], he told me at least 10, I thought I was
going to have time.
Eh, well, I can't go back later, I was going to
say, I'll
come back later. Why would I go back? I
could go back to 10 again, I could go back
to 10 again, but for what, I
couldn't go back, but for, well, I see, I see, I
see, no, what I'm going to be,
good, me, what if I go back
to 10 again, I see what  What do I do? It depends on
what
time what time what time weirdest guy
what time is weirdest we'll see each other we'll
see each other guys I have to cut it
okay if I can at the time Golf at salsera
I think yes there might be okay
a kiss handsome well it depends on my voice it
depends on my voice kiss handsome
[Music]